MTM-47173 | updating microservices images... (#555)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: README.md

weight: 90 # order the section in the section dropdown in ascending order
---
```
<!-- TODO: fix broken link -->

> Grab the icon classes in the [styleguide](http://styleguide.cumulocity.com/icons/)

Author: @BeateRixen this needs to be updated. I don't know who knows the correct link.

> <!-- TODO: fix broken link -->
> Grab the icon classes in the [styleguide](http://styleguide.cumulocity.com/icons/)

Author: ```suggestion
Grab the icon classes in the [Styleguide](https://styleguide.cumulocity.com/#/icons/cumulocity)
```
